[DO NOT MERGE] Update TFC Documentation for Cloud Blocks (#1991)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/cloud/run/cli.html.md

## Summary

> The [CLI integration][cloud] brings Terraform Cloud's collaboration features into the familiar Terraform CLI workflow. It offers the best of both worlds to developers who are already comfortable with using Terraform, and it can work with existing CI/CD pipelines.

Author: gotcha - changed locally and will push up!

~> **Note:** The [Structured Run Output](../workspaces/settings.html#user-interface) user interface will not apply to runs executed using the CLI-driven workflow, regardless of the setting in the Terraform Cloud workspace.

## Configuration

To enable the CLI-driven workflow, you must:

1. Add the `cloud` block to your Terraform configuration. For example:

    ```
    terraform {
      cloud {
        organization = "my-org"
        workspaces {

>           tags = ["networking"]

Author: It feels like from what I've heard that we a) expect users to be using tags a lot, especially moving forward and b) that we're building more and more functionality that revolves around tags in the future. BUT I defer to others opinions, just wanted to plug tags quickly :)

>           tags = ["networking"]

Author: jk I'm gonna push up a change that uses "name" here :-)

>           tags = ["networking"]

Author: Okay Update from my conversation with @chrisarcand - Chris would actually prefer that we use tags here. The reason why is that we think this is now going to be the preferred way to use this feature AND tags are becoming more and more of a big deal in the TFC world. so i'm going to leave it BUT I will add in a sentence of explanation.

        }
      }
    }
    ```

> 1. Run `terraform init`.

Author: done! I'll work on adding them back in and push that up :)

Refer to [Using Terraform Cloud](cloud) for more details about how to initialize and configure the integration.

> ~> **Note**: The `cloud` block is available in Terraform v1.1 and later and Terraform Enterprise v202201 and later. Previous versions can use the [`remote` backend](/docs/language/settings/backends/remote.html) to configure the CLI workflow and migrate state.

Author: @im2nguyen This is something you've called out in my PRs before (the opposite - to change -> to ~> because I'm assuming that's what we do on learn). What are your thoughts here? I agree with Judith that the docs do have a convention of doing notes like -> BUT if we're moving toward a unified experience, maybe we should begin mirroring what we do on Learn?   Casy-by-case maybe isn't the right way to do it...but then again we should start somewhere? Anyway, lmk what you think and once we have consensus, I'll update accordingly!

> ~> **Note**: The `cloud` block is available in Terraform v1.1 and later and Terraform Enterprise v202201 and later. Previous versions can use the [`remote` backend](/docs/language/settings/backends/remote.html) to configure the CLI workflow and migrate state.

Reviewer: I think for now, let's go with Judith's suggestion to make everything consistent (in docs, notes are `->`)

when we have bandwidth, we can create a new PR that replaces all `-> **Note:**` to `~> **Note:**

remember to also make the colon bold!

> ~> **Note**: The `cloud` block is available in Terraform v1.1 and later and Terraform Enterprise v202201 and later. Previous versions can use the [`remote` backend](/docs/language/settings/backends/remote.html) to configure the CLI workflow and migrate state.

Reviewer: I think this note works better right after the first bullet since note is specifically targeted at the `cloud` block

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7556325/144982103-072c031a-6581-42e7-a33e-e0fde7617891.png)

> ~> **Note**: The `cloud` block is available in Terraform v1.1 and later and Terraform Enterprise v202201 and later. Previous versions can use the [`remote` backend](/docs/language/settings/backends/remote.html) to configure the CLI workflow and migrate state.

Author: this is an excellent suggestion - i'm going to move it up - thank you!!!

> ~> **Note**: The `cloud` block is available in Terraform v1.1 and later and Terraform Enterprise v202201 and later. Previous versions can use the [`remote` backend](/docs/language/settings/backends/remote.html) to configure the CLI workflow and migrate state.

Author: FYI y'all - I fixed all the notes I could see :-) Thank you for the guidance and for calling that out!

### Implicit Workspace Creation

If you configure the `cloud` block to use a workspace that doesn't yet exist in your organization, Terraform Cloud will create a new workspace with that name when you run `terraform init`. The output of `terraform init` will inform you when this happens.

Automatically created workspaces might not be immediately ready to use, so use Terraform Cloud's UI to check a workspace's settings and data before performing any runs. In particular, note that:

> - No Terraform variables or environment variables are created by default, unless your organization has configured one or more [global variable sets](/docs/cloud/workspaces/variables.html#scope). Terraform Cloud will use `*.auto.tfvars` files if they are present, but you will usually still need to set some workspace-specific variables.

Reviewer 2: Ah good catch.

- The execution mode defaults to "Remote," so that runs occur within Terraform Cloud's infrastructure instead of on your workstation.
- New workspaces are not automatically connected to a VCS repository and do not have a working directory specified.
- A new workspace's Terraform version defaults to the most recent release of Terraform at the time the workspace was created.

## Variables in CLI-Driven Runs

Remote runs in Terraform Cloud use:

- Run-Specific variables set via the command line or in your local environment. Terraform only uses the environment variables from your shell environment that are prefixed with `TF_VAR`.

> - Workspace-Specific Terraform and environment variables set in the workspace.

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't capitalize "Specific" here.

Author: ah you're right! thank you :)

CLI-driven runs upload an archive of your configuration directory
to Terraform Cloud. If the directory contains files you want to exclude from upload,

> you can do so by defining a [`.terraformignore` file in your configuration directory](/docs/cli/using-terraform-cloud/initialization.html).

Reviewer: This file doesn't exist and doesn't exist in the other [PR either](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform/pull/29947)

Reviewer: i think we can remove this link if the link doesn't exist tbh

Author: I have fixed this!

## Remote Speculative Plans

You can run speculative plans in any workspace where you have permission to queue plans. ([More about permissions.](/docs/cloud/users-teams-organizations/permissions.html))

To run a [speculative plan][] on your configuration, use the `terraform plan` command. The plan will run in Terraform Cloud, and the logs will stream back to the command line along with a URL to view the plan in the Terraform Cloud UI.

[permissions-citation]: #intentionally-unused---keep-for-maintainers

Speculative plans use the configuration code from the local working directory, but will use variable values from the specified workspace.

## Remote Applies

> You can trigger remote applies in any workspaces where you have permission to apply runs. ([More about permissions.](/docs/cloud/users-teams-organizations/permissions.html))

Reviewer 2: Not quite true! 

```suggestion
In workspaces that aren't connected to a VCS repository, users with permission to apply runs can trigger remote applies with the CLI. ([More about permissions.](/docs/cloud/users-teams-organizations/permissions.html))
```

The reasons for this are too complicated to get into right now, but that's how it currently is.
